Not considering the benzene ring, how many double bouds are there in the molecule of aspirin?
How will the monoisotopic mass change if we substitute the sulfate for carbonate in sodium sulfate?
How will the solubility change if we replace the sodium ions with calcium ions in sodium carbonate?
How many synonyms does deoxyribonucleic acid have?
Is there any rotatable bond in the molecule of 1,3,7-Trimethylxanthine?
Which one has a larger exact mass, sucrose or lactitol?
List as many drugs as possible that have the same molecular formula with sucrose.
How many benzene rings are there in 9H-Carbazole-3-carboxaldehyde?
Which one has a larger complexity, 9H-Carbazole-3-carboxaldehyde or 9-Methyl-9H-carbazole-3-carbaldehyde?
How many heavy atoms are there in Dihydromyoporone?
How will the solubility change if sodium bicarbonate loses the hydrogen?
What properties may methane have?
How many hydrogen atoms are there in chlorofluoromethane?
How much will the molecule weight increase if we replace one hydrogen atom in the methane with one chlorine atom?
Find out the most concise synonym of adenosine 5'-triphosphate.
Find out the longest name of adenosine 5'-triphosphate.
How will the complexity change if adenosine 5'-triphosphate loses one phosphate group?
Tell me the number of carboxyl in lactitol.
List all the equivalent computed properties between sucrose and beta-lactose.
Is there any covalently-bonded unit in palmitic acid?
What is the IUPAC name of C21H30O2?
What is the molecular formula of Estradiol?
What is the molecular weight of Naphthalene?
Can you provide the Canonical SMILES for Quinine?
What is the Exact Mass of Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD)?
What is the Monoisotopic Mass of Morphine?
What is the TPSA value of Benzaldehyde?
What are the LogP values of nitric compounds?
I want to know the XLogP value of Methamphetamine.
How many rotatable bonds does Penicillin have?
What is the IUPAC name of Edta thioester?
What is the molecular formula of Glutathione?
What is the molecular weight of Phenol?
Can you provide the Canonical SMILES for Vitamin C?
What is the Exact Mass of Adenosine triphosphate (ATP)?
What is the Monoisotopic Mass of Insulin?
What is the TPSA value of Ethylene glycol?
What are the LogP values of phosphoric compounds?
I want to know the XLogP value of Ibuprofen.
How many hydrogen bond donors does Nicotine have?
What is the IUPAC name of C6H5CH2OH?
What is the molecular formula of 2-methylpropanal?
What is the molecular weight of benzene?
Can you provide the Canonical SMILES for aspirin?
What is the Exact Mass of caffeine?
What is the Monoisotopic Mass of glucosea?
What is the TPSA value of ethanol?
What is the IUPAC name of Penicillin G?
What is the molecular formula of 9H-Carbazole-3-carboxaldehyde?
What is the molecular weight of Parinaric acid?
Can you provide the Canonical SMILES for Dipraglurant?
What is the Exact Mass of Platinum(II) octaethylporphyrin ketone?
What is the Monoisotopic Mass of 4,4’-diaminoazobenzene?
What is the TPSA value of 3-hydroxybutanenitrile?
What are the LogP values of sulfuric compounds?
I want to know the XLogP value of paracetamol (acetaminophen).
How many rotatable bonds does glubionate calcium have?
What is the IUPAC name of Praziquantel?
What is the molecular formula of Fenoterol?
What is the molecular weight of Butyltrichlorosilane?
Can you provide the Canonical SMILES for Lisdexamfetamine?
What is the Exact Mass of N,N-Dimethyltryptamine (DMT)?
What is the Monoisotopic Mass of Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)?
What is the TPSA value of Salicylic acid?
What are the LogP values of halogenated compounds?
I want to know the XLogP value of Cocaine.
What are the LogP values of aliphatic compounds?
I want to know the XLogP value of ibuprofen.
What is the IUPAC name of CH3(CH2)4CH3?
What is the molecular formula of acetic acid?
What is the molecular weight of sodium chloride?
Can you provide the Canonical SMILES for methanol?
What is the Exact Mass of water?
What is the Monoisotopic Mass of carbon dioxide?
What is the TPSA value of acetonitrile?
What are the LogP values of aromatic compounds?
I want to know the XLogP value of nicotine.
How many hydrogen bond donors does penicillin have?
Provide me the link of DrugBank record for Saxagliptin.
Where can I learn the knowledge of insulin?
I'd like to learn about Butyltrichlorosilane. What's the SMILES expression of it?
Give me the molecular formula of Fenoterol.
Does the Cefoxitin(1-) bring charge?
Compare the logP of Epishyobunone and Dihydromyoporone.
Can you rate the complexity of acetylsalicylic acid and salicylic acid?
What is the molecular weight of 9H-Carbazole-3-carboxaldehyde?
What is the molecular weight of glubionate calcium?
Can you provide the Canonical SMILES for Dipraglurant?
What is the IUPAC name of Parinaric acid?
Does 5-oxoproline carry any charge?
What is the Exact Mass of Platinum(II) octaethylporphyrin ketone?
What is the Monoisotopic Mass of 4,4'-diaminoazobenzene?
What is the TPSA value of 3-hydroxybutanenitrile?
How does the Complexity of Dipraglurant compare to that of Parinaric acid?
What are the LogP values of sulfuric compounds?
Compare to the water, which of the sodium compounds have less weight?
What is the standard name of aspirin? Does it the same compound with salicylic acid?
I want to know the XLogP value of paracetamol (acetaminophen).
Provide me the properties of acetonitrile.
Are there any other names for caffeine?